there's never been a horse that I
haven't gotten to do something useful
never I started out taking the horses
from the track to my house which we used
to raise thoroughbreds now but now it's
pretty much grapes and we just have
pastures and so forth so it got to grow
a bit and I would train the horses on my
front lawn on my grass lawn which was
about an acre and a half and my daughter
was young and she would be writing her
you know big wheel mount underneath me
playing on her slide step so anyway we
kind of outgrew that and then decided
that you know it would be nice to have
this be a place where everything was
cared for it wouldn't take it out of my
home environment kind of thing and so I
got this barn down here most of the
horses I have placed with people they
have stayed with me and that helps
support the ones that are coming in and
need home
I guess the bigger the challenge the
more I dig in it's crazy I guess I must
like him because boy we have gotten some
amazing ones behavioral problems that
doesn't bother me a bit but that just
really intrigues me there's a certain
procedure that has to go through and I
love to show people how to do it that
way they can get more horses in on their
own from the track and I've done
whatever you can imagine with the
thoroughbreds and they will they're
extremely versatile in you just have to
give them the right chance and and teach
them let them tell you what what it is
they want to do and what they're good at
and what's going to keep them happy when
they come in for instance you know
nothing about them and depending on on
their say if they're injured if they're
racing fit if they're poor there's a
protocol sometimes they're unraced and
injured I mean there's just so many
different scenarios but I get to know my
horses so well before I place them in a
home that i will guarantee because I I
put them to the test basically and I
give them such a gradual training period
definitely gradually I don't part with
them real soon so I makes really sure
they're ready and so forth but I by the
time they're ready to go I have really
given them the test in their sound
just look at the horses in general walk
through the barn look at the horses and
see how how they are happy if they're
happy and in their flesh the trainer
would be the type who is flexible and
willing to study them and listen to them
and listen to what you know they want to
do and what would make them happy
instead of forcing them into what they
have in mind they are very versatile and
horse they're such a reigns just as
there is for raising some horses or
grass horses similar to the spinners and
with the different types of trainers as
well different types of jockeys certain
horses fit different scenarios it's the
same thing with this some of them are so
perfectly happy willing they just are
happy to be around still and they've got
so much spirit left you've got to be
able to take the time and not be on a
timer straight kind of thing because if
you get someone that can figure them out
and they'll just tell you it's amazing
you